---
layout: post
title: "TP2 - meeting 2"
date: 2018-02-05
categories: Battleships game development
---

Quick update, we didn’t meet last week as we were busy working on the ideas discussed a fortnight ago. However, we have been keeping in contact via instant messaging, continuing to work together and develop our ideas further. 

We have decided that our age range will be for young adults, from 16-25 as this allows for us to really focus on features that we feel will be most suitable for them and really target out game towards these users. We feel that these users want something that they can quickly pick up and play as a pastime and so this is something we’re going to focus on over forthcoming weeks. Rather than make the game complicated, we’re looking into creating something that’s going to appeal more to this age range.

This brings us onto our next key development… Following the discussions we had before, we’ve decided to completely rethink our game. We mentioned in the last post the idea of focusing more on 3D graphics, animations and sound. This is something we’ve really decided to push towards. Not only is this more suitable for our age range we’ve decided on, but we feel that this sets us apart from any other battleships games we’ve seen. Yes, that will unfortunately mean a more limited development of different features, however we think  that it’s going to be much more aesthetically pleasing as well as being more suitable for the scenarios the game will be played in. 

We’re continuing to look into the different styles, libraries and approaches we could use to implement this as obviously it’s a big change in direction for the project. We’ll be meeting again next week to discuss our findings as a group and hopefully have some samples to show each other and take forward, getting straight back into development.